README.md, before:

# Trucks
Pick your favorite food trucks around you.
![food truck](https://github.com/jonathan0/trucks/blob/main/foodtrucks.jpg?raw=true)

## How to
1. pre-request: java11
2. build project `./gradlew clean build`
3. Run the TrucksApplication `./gradlew bootRun`
4. Test a GET request at localhost:8080 `curl -v localhost:8080`
5. Get All Trucks
```
curl -v localhost:8080/trucks
```
6. Get one Truck with id 
```
curl -v localhost:8080/trucks/2
```
7. Update a Truck
```
curl -X PUT -v localhost:8080/trucks/2 -H 'Content-type:application/json' -d '{"dayOrder": 1, "dayOfWeekStr": "Monday", "starttime": "10AM", "endtime": "3PM"}'
```
8. Add a new Truck
```
curl -X POST -v localhost:8080/trucks -H 'Content-type:application/json' -d '{"permitLocation": "70 Hope Ave", "latitude": 42.368697328144826, "longitude": -71.24739426023218}'
```
9. Delete a Truck with id
```
curl -X DELETE -v localhost:8080/trucks/3
```
10. Find the top 5 trucks with your current location, you can find `latitude` and `longitude` in the google map
```
curl -v 'localhost:8080/trucks/find?latitude=37.12345&longitude=-122.67891'
```
11. Find the top N trucks around the current location with `count=N`
```
curl -v 'localhost:8080/trucks/find?latitude=37.12345&longitude=-122.67891&count=10'
```
12. To build and run the docker file locally at port 8104 (first to install docker app locally)
```
docker build -f dockerfile/Dockerfile -t truck-api-framework:latest .

docker run -p 8104:8080 truck-api-framework:latest
```

## Continue Improvement
1. Loading all Trucks Data from the [sfgov](https://data.sfgov.org/resource/jjew-r69b.json) by the day of week (now default sunday)
2. Enhancing the web api call with current latitude and longitude to query the top 5 trucks near you.
3. Enhancing to pick a day of the week, which is to set `dayOrder` in application.properties file.
4. Add the circleCi pipeline to run gradle build for each PR.
5. Enable Dependabot for dependencies security updates. 
6. Enhancing more detail description of food trucks from Web API call.
7. Enabled the circleCi pipeline to build and publish to the private docker hub.

Commit message:

use favor to search food truck

README.md, after:

# Trucks
Pick your favorite food trucks around you.
![food truck](https://github.com/jonathan0/trucks/blob/main/foodtrucks.jpg?raw=true)

## How to
1. pre-request: java11
2. build project `./gradlew clean build`
3. Run the TrucksApplication `./gradlew bootRun`
4. Test a GET request at localhost:8080 `curl -v localhost:8080`
5. Get All Trucks
```
curl -v localhost:8080/trucks
```
6. Get one Truck with id 
```
curl -v localhost:8080/trucks/2
```
7. Update a Truck
```
curl -X PUT -v localhost:8080/trucks/2 -H 'Content-type:application/json' -d '{"dayOrder": 1, "dayOfWeekStr": "Monday", "starttime": "10AM", "endtime": "3PM"}'
```
8. Add a new Truck
```
curl -X POST -v localhost:8080/trucks -H 'Content-type:application/json' -d '{"permitLocation": "70 Hope Ave", "latitude": 42.368697328144826, "longitude": -71.24739426023218}'
```
9. Delete a Truck with id
```
curl -X DELETE -v localhost:8080/trucks/3
```
10. Find the top 5 trucks with your current location, you can find `latitude` and `longitude` in the google map
```
curl -v 'localhost:8080/trucks/find?latitude=37.12345&longitude=-122.67891'
```
11. Find the top N trucks around the current location with `count=N`
```
curl -v 'localhost:8080/trucks/find?latitude=37.12345&longitude=-122.67891&count=10'
```
12. Find your favor with parameter `favor=italian`, or with %20 as space `favor=ice%20cream`
```
http://localhost:8080/trucks/find?latitude=37.779707&longitude=-122.406949&count=10&favor=italian
```
13. To build and run the docker file locally at port 8104 (first to install docker app locally)
```
docker build -f dockerfile/Dockerfile -t truck-api-framework:latest .

docker run -p 8104:8080 truck-api-framework:latest
```

## Continue Improvement
1. Loading all Trucks Data from the [sfgov](https://data.sfgov.org/resource/jjew-r69b.json) by the day of week (now default sunday)
2. Enhancing the web api call with current latitude and longitude to query the top 5 trucks near you.
3. Enhancing to pick a day of the week, which is to set `dayOrder` in application.properties file.
4. Add the circleCi pipeline to run gradle build for each PR.
5. Enable Dependabot for dependencies security updates. 
6. Enhancing more detail description of food trucks from Web API call.
7. Enabled the circleCi pipeline to build and publish to the private docker hub.
